---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "permitio_tenant Resource - terraform-provider-permit-io"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Permit.io tenant. Tenants represent isolated groups or organizations within your application. See the documentation https://api.permit.io/v2/redoc#tag/Tenants for more information about tenants.
---

# permitio_tenant (Resource)

Manages a Permit.io tenant. Tenants represent isolated groups or organizations within your application. See [the documentation](https://api.permit.io/v2/redoc#tag/Tenants) for more information about tenants.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `key` (String) The key. This is a unique identifier.
- `name` (String) The name. This is a human-readable name for the object.

### Optional

- `attributes` (String) Arbitrary tenant attributes in JSON format that will be used to enforce attribute-based access control policies.
- `description` (String) The description. This is a human-readable description for the object.
- `updated_at` (String) The update timestamp. This is a timestamp for when the object was last updated.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp. This is a timestamp for when the object was created.
- `environment_id` (String) The environment ID. This is a unique identifier for the environment.
- `id` (String) The resource ID. This is a unique identifier for the resource.
- `last_action_at` (String) Date and time when the tenant was last active (ISO_8601 format). In other words, this is the last time a permission check was done on a resource belonging to this tenant.
- `organization_id` (String) The organization ID. This is a unique identifier for the organization.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID. This is a unique identifier for the project.
